README.md, before:

# Create and start release on Digital.ai Release from GitHub Actions

This GitHub Action enables the creation of a new release and start it on the Digital.ai Release. It facilitates seamless integration between your GitHub repository and Digital.ai Release, automating release management processes.

## Example Usage

```yaml
name: Create and Start Release

on: [push]

jobs:
    create-and-start-release:
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      steps:

        - name: Create & Start Release
          id: release
          uses: digital-ai/github-actions-release@main
          with:
            serverUrl: 'http://digital-ai-release-server-url:5516'
            username: ${{ secrets.RELEASE_USERNAME }}
            password: ${{ secrets.RELEASE_PASSWORD }}
            templateId: 'Folder3f5cf31df154440495d8af9425/Releasec4e4b7bce46f4720a43ead5da856'
            releaseTitle: 'New Release from GitHub Actions'
            variables: '{"var1": "value1", "var2": "value2"}'
            startRelease: true

        - name: Get Release Data
          id: output
          run: echo ${{ steps.release.outputs.response }}
 ```
#### Example Actions File : [start-digital-ai-release.yml](example/start-digital-ai-release.yml)

## Inputs

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                         | Required | Default                          |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------|
| `serverUrl`  | The address of the Digital.ai Release server.                                                                                       | Yes      | -                                |
| `username`   | Username for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. Required if `token` is not provided.                                  | Yes*     | -                                |
| `password`   | Password for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. Required if `token` is not provided.                                  | Yes*     | -                                |
| `token`      | Personal access token for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. If provided, `username` and `password` are not required. | Yes*     | -                                |
| `templateId` | The full template identifier in Digital.ai Release. for example, `Folder3f5cf31df154440495/Releasec4e4b7bce46f4720a`                | Yes      | -                                |
| `releaseTitle`| Optional. Title of the release. If not provided, a default title will be assigned.                                                 | No       | GITHUB_TAG /<br/>GITHUB_HEAD_REF |
| `variables`  | Optional. JSON string representing the variables object to be passed to the release template.                                       | No       | -                                |
| `startRelease` | Optional. Boolean value indicating whether to start the release. Default is true.                                                 | No       | true                             |

## Outputs

| Name         | Description                                                                               |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `response`   | The response containing the data of the newly created release.                            |

Commit message:

S-107385 Added additional outputs  (#3)
* Updated

* Updated

* Push

* Updated

* Updated

* Updated

* Updated

README.md, after:

# Create and start release on Digital.ai Release from GitHub Actions

This GitHub Action enables the creation of a new release and start it on the Digital.ai Release. It facilitates seamless integration between your GitHub repository and Digital.ai Release, automating release management processes.

## Example Usage

```yaml
name: Create and Start Release

on: [push]

jobs:
    create-and-start-release:
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      steps:

        - name: Create & Start Release
          id: release
          uses: digital-ai/github-actions-release@main
          with:
            serverUrl: 'http://digital-ai-release-server-url:5516'
            username: ${{ secrets.RELEASE_USERNAME }}
            password: ${{ secrets.RELEASE_PASSWORD }}
            templateId: 'Applications/FolderXXXXXXXXX/ReleaseXXXXXXXXX'
            releaseTitle: 'New Release from GitHub Actions'
            variables: '{"var1": "value1", "var2": "value2"}'
            startRelease: true

        - name: Get Release Data
          run: echo ${{ steps.release.outputs.response }}
        
        - name: Get Release Id
          run: echo ${{ steps.release.outputs.id }}
        
        - name: Get Release Status
          run: echo ${{ steps.release.outputs.status }}
 ```
#### Example Actions File : [start-digital-ai-release.yml](examples/start-digital-ai-release.yml)

## Inputs

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Required | Default                          |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------|
| `serverUrl`  | The address of the Digital.ai Release server.                                                                                                                                                                                            | Yes      | -                                |
| `username`   | Username for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. Required if `token` is not provided.                                                                                                                                       | Yes*     | -                                |
| `password`   | Password for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. Required if `token` is not provided.                                                                                                                                       | Yes*     | -                                |
| `token`      | Personal access token for authentication to the Digital.ai Release server. If provided, `username` and `password` are not required.                                                                                                      | Yes*     | -                                |
| `templateId` | The full template identifier in Digital.ai Release is as follows: For example, `Applications/Folder3f5cf31df/Releasec4e4b7bce4` <br/>For more details, [click here](https://apidocs.digital.ai/xl-release/22.3.x/rest-docs/#identifiers) | Yes      | -                                |
| `releaseTitle`| Optional. Title of the release. If not provided, a default title will be assigned.                                                                                                                                                       | No       | GITHUB_TAG /<br/>GITHUB_HEAD_REF |
| `variables`  | Optional. JSON string representing the variables object to be passed to the release template.                                                                                                                                            | No       | -                                |
| `startRelease` | Optional. Boolean value indicating whether to start the release. Default is true.                                                                                                                                                        | No       | true                             |

## Outputs

| Name        | Description                                                    |
|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `response`  | The response containing the data of the newly created release. |
| `id`        | The id of the newly created release.                           |
| `status`    | The status of the newly created release.                        |
